question
What is the weighting of assessments?
What is the requirements of the group project?
What is the language could be used in all assessments ?
What is the word limit of the individual essay?
What is the word limit of the post reflection?
What are the contents/topics of each lesson?
What programmes could register this course?
What is the strand of this course?
Any mid-terms and exams for this course?
Where can I submit the assignments?
What is the course code?
What is the venue of the class?
What is the day & time of the course?
How can I find my course tutor?
What are the dates of this course?
What is the credit point of this course?
Where can I get access to the course materials?
May I know about the assessment rubrics of the assignments?
What are the deadlines of assignments?
What are the main issues/contents that I can learn in this course?
Do I need to have any digital/technology background when I enrolled this course?
Is it an interactive class?
Any readings are suggested for enhancing my digital culture knowledge?
How can I find/access the above suggested reading?
I am not doing well in the group project. Can I still achieve a good grade in the course?
Most of the topics are common in my daily lives like IG. Would it be dull in the course?
What topic(s) can I choose for my individual essay?
Any tips for achieving high grade in my essay?
What is the medium of instruction (MOI) of this course?
Which QF level does this course qualify?
What are the course assessments and their weightings?
How many contact hours does this course have?
What is the venue of the class?
Is there any pre-requisite requirements for this course?
What are the recommended readings of the course?
How many credit points does this course constitute?
What is the course code?
When is the first lecture?
When is the last lecture?
What is the day and time of the course?
What can we learn from this course?
What sort of teaching and learning activities do we have in the class?
What are the requirements of the group project?
How many people do I need to form a group?
When are the deadlines of the group project?
What is the word limit of the individual essay?
When is the deadline of the individual essay?
What are the requirements of the individual essay?
For the critical reflection in the individual essay, can I use my groupwork as source of reflections?
What is the essential elements of this course we learnt?
Can I have an experience to practice my teaching skills in the course?
Would it be too difficult for me to understand the course content?
I am a VA/ music teacher. My school want me to apply STEM elements  in my subject knowledge. Can I benefit in the course?
What reading(s) can I read if I want to have better understanding in the course?
How can I find/access the above suggested reading?
The course is designated for primary or secondary school teacher?
Computational thinking seem quite vague. Any real-life examples can illustrate?
Any conference or book can be listed for reference?
Does the course has pre-requisite course?
What is the level of the course?
Which programming language will be taught in this course?
What are subject synopsis?
What are the assessment methods?
What is the workload of the course?
When is the lecture time?
When is the end of the course?
When is the first class?
What is the reading list of the course?
Where is the lecturer's office?
What are the objectives of this course?
What can I learn from this course?
What is the teaching methodology of the course?
What is the credit value of the course?
What is teaching language in this course?
What book can I read to reinforce my subject knowledge?
Can I choose not to attend lab?
Whcih four components will be learnt in the course?
I want to know more about C Programming. Any online reference I can visit?
Any past paper(s)/resources in the course can provide?
How can I pass the course?
What topic will the individual lecture cover?
What is Day and Time of this course?
What is the venue of this course?
How can I contact my tutor?
Where is the tutor’s office？
What is the course schedule?
What are the topics of each lesson?
When is the first lesson?
When is the last lesson?
When is the Poster Presentation?
What is the deadline of Individual Essay?
When are the e-learning/Independent learning sessions?
What is the deadline of Peer feedback on poster presentation?
What do I need to do in Poster presentaion?
What do I need to do in Individual Essay?
When is the Workshop on Individual Essay?
When do I need to find my partner for Poster Presentation?
Any consultation for the Poster Presentation?
Any consultation for th Individual Assignment?
How can I get high mark in Poster presentation?
What is the criteria of good design of reading tasks?
What is the criteria of presentation and organisation?
How can I get high mark in Individual Essay?
What is the criteria of good analysis of reading tasks and recommendations?
What is the criteria of good understanding and integration of theories?
What is the criteria of good language and organisation?
What is the deadline of Poster Presentation?
What is the word limit of Individual Essay?
Any limitation of choosing specific group of learners in Individual Essay?
How many classroom activities and/or assessment need to include in Poster presentation?
"What does it mean 'Engage in critical dialogue with your peers at the
“Academic Conference on ESL Reading”?"
What are the recommended readings?
Any related journals for this course?
Any related web resources for this course?
Any required text for this course?
Where can I submit my Individual Essay?
Any specific format for my Indivudual Essay?
"What is the lanuage need to be used in doing the homework?
Can I use Chinese?"
What is the weighting of Assessment Tasks?
Any quiz/test for this course?
What is the ultimate goal of the course?
What can I gain after completing the course?
What topic(s) will the course cover?
Any model(s) of reading will be learnt?
Is it an interactive class?
Any attendance requirement?
How can I better prepare for class participation ?
Any penalties for late submission of my assignment?
Glossary/ Definition
Assessment marking criteria (expectation)
keywords/ topics mapping lecture notes
extra exercises for each topic (show the progress)
Active questions (integrate into chatbot) Do you want to take a challenge? (idle/ browse 5min)
Do you want to take a challenge?
Show past group/ individual topics